[docs] Improve GitHub pages integration guide (#29881)
expo/expo: docs/pages/distribution/publishing-websites.mdx

<Step label="1">

Start by initializing a new git repository in your project and configuring it to push to a GitHub repository. If you are already syncing your changes with a GitHub repository, skip this step.

Create a repository on the GitHub website. Then, run the following commands in your project's root directory:

<Terminal cmd={['$ git init', '$ git remote add origin https://github.com/username/expo-gh-pages.git' ]} />

The above commands initialize a new git repository and configure git to know which repository on GitHub to push your source code to.

</Step>

<Step label="2">

Install the `gh-pages` package as a `dev-dependency` in your project:

<Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add -D gh-pages']} />

</Step>

<Step label="3">

> Configure your project to be deployed to a subdomain with the **baseUrl** feature in the **app.json** Set its value to the string `/{repo-name}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy the project, configure it to a subdomain with the [`baseUrl`](/versions/latest/config/app/#baseurl) property in [app config](/workflow/configuration/). Set its value to the string `/repo-name`.
```

(Unrelated to this PR) This sentence has a typo. `baseUrl` is a property not a a feature in app config. Also, let's drop using `{}` as it indicates the user also needs to them in the configuration.

</Step>

<Step label="4">

Because Expo uses underscores in generated files, you need to disable jekyll by creating a **.nojekyll** file in the **public** directory.

<Terminal cmd={['$ mkdir public && touch public/.nojekyll']} />

> Files in the **public** directory will be copied to the **dist** directory when you build your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files in the **public** directory are copied to the **dist** directory when you build your web app.
```

> > You also need to run `gh-pages` with the `-t` flag to ensure files starting with `.` are included in the deployment, which is handled in the scripts added to **package.json** in the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's remove this. The next step is something not optional for the user and they have to follow it in order to publish their web app.

Instead, this context should be in step 5 after running the command.

</Step>

<Step label="5">

> In the **package.json** file, modify the `scripts` property by adding `predeploy` and `deploy` properties. Each has its own value as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the `scripts` in the **package.json** file by adding `predeploy` and `deploy` scripts. Each has its own value:
```

> </Step>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `gh-pages` with the `-t` flag is required. This flag ensures that the files starting with `.` are also included.

</Step>
```

<Step label="6">

> To generate a production build of your app and deploy it to GitHub Pages, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a production build of the web app and deploy it to GitHub Pages, run the following command:
```

<Terminal cmd={['$ yarn deploy']} />

> This will publish a build of your app to the `gh-pages` branch of your GitHub repository. This branch will only have your build code in the root directory. It will not contain your development source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This publishes a build of the web app to the `gh-pages` branch of your GitHub repository. This branch only contains your build code in the root directory and does not include development source code.
```

As per our writing style guide, we should be using present tense.
